You can um so this is not bright so this is very important example oh started so so basically guys um there's no questions here there's no questions everything has already answered the fine answer you know a brilliant answer so vertically know why I might get this problem you know why is happening example if I have a position in the in the scene in the ocean I like I'm an ocean coming down trying to send into my uh ocean uh from my air I live in the ocean you know and then ocean little in Ocean but my sauna started I'm just trying to say I go to my boss I can add it to my body but it was my ship my crib where I live you know where I stay my my my my ocean I can't I don't really ask someone I never have someone so I can go there and nevermind that's my item you know because you know all the consensus all the things I own it's mine me myself and I found somebody and me if it brings I rebuild it I have consistent repaired renew it it doesn't matter who which ratio is is my own I do anything I like you know when you want something you delegate it you delegate it and that person we basically so basically uh this is the surface oh I don't have the link oh no so basically I just need to get up um so basically I have to get my video from subscribe hamiltonian illitarization uh we are um open access uh 2. Number two uh GitHub open this repository uh packet it's just got pockets so basically this is this basically this is a risk architecture this is here we have but we the problem with this you know resistance basically I'm trying to find an algorithm for resources uh comparison oh stop something is nonsense uh my computers so basically I'm trying to make my computer understand that risk SS and they just different member of models to do is obviously they polarized together so when some information is um comes in your nose is six and six to the Northeast Port problem was for this transmission so this is a control business but this is like this nothing is nothing this basically I'm going to get the pose align the daily path you know uh the real line but the IR is the problem the international program uh the the um the what I call it intermediate representation are the uh what have you been uh processed in government uh basically I'm trying to ensure that I want to build my assembly language uh it's like a muco assembly language assembly </S> on by the Cisco Marcosystems Consciousness you know he just doesn't so basically anything that adds a lot that's about to uh oh one or one skill happens in login time uh in the best case in the worst case at um so basically any instruction that runs in parallel in the concurrent level in parallel packet in this world uh um share the same plane of resistance which is like the data stream and The Descent receives you know and that's like a packet system so it's very important feature homeless today I'll go half into the conversation but I don't know uh so we've got this model just full so when uh when it starts they start start a b Epsilon Epsilon so instead stop is B Epsilon Epsilon so um B cannot see a from a b a b and end a b start b start um B start start is A's NN so b a b knows N2 so so don't come to myself is two poles so uh here I can go only uh positive because the share one space area so plus plus minus minus so as you can see Easter is bigger but it's a branches so uh the problem with this is you kind of have this available you don't know people here ask your branch need Conceptions for someone that's from so you think it starts a start again the problem is um these branches are not uh giving them the area over here so when it comes out about you so you just buy so let's make sure obviously um a start n so it start n is here here middle 90 degrees no no of B um and then e and N that's the second one notification not one contain is the x-axis for this is um of zero zero is zero one three one zero i'm moving since we get oh this is just I'm gonna do it now actually i'll just be so basically uh because these thoughts uh okay so here we get they get a B start a start and so way a start and end uh 1 0 um one one and that's the y n so it can be uh one one uh ones one one two one so you get one two one this is just including so if you get so you get to uh this is again one zero uh an X and Y so you get to get one so when he gets one you get um so it has no information very important if I'm trying to um create a table no the protocol one zero uh of laundry I send a one create the session so great to read updates deleted so I get two channels so we share one channel uh updates uh also if I created I need a uh if a was coming to be so he's uh he doesn't want to waste any time so he to assign Epsilon but what would he say what does that mean he says nothing how can you say nothing nothing </S> so you get the ee I can read it so uh I can read this so I have uh read quit and then read so e will become he will become uh because EXO o e e become o r so this will be read mode but we won't be the state a state a state in session Asian state so at 10 prices also like a five minutes read I want a finance function uh number five next week so uh reading for five minutes um um then I want to write so quick with update so this will be right execute uh so because what we're saying so what time is just a safe okay jerusalem so when I want to write I think I'm the state XO and that X will be exclusive.com what I want to always talk is something in the poll or X also o o 00 with zero now all exclusive o one everyone shit too so instead of on the region I just get everyone's schedule because um that's what we all share you know uh between A and B A2B uh so against you don't get updates read i'll read also right right if you want to write this I have to uh I don't guess I just do it so I write to this one you need to write it nothing so if I want to write Epsilon to this I just save them but you know I really need one save and because of only even one city minimum I don't have to write it again I don't have to sing I just like uh so I never to write again so the channel just stays awesome this only image I need the two by two two Epsilon um uh so to stop your bite into it you know obviously my computer we have invites but in your body is able to use your computer uh so we destroy so let me destroying session I didn't um after we set everything to Epsilon so that's the idea here so this model allows you to uh set so when I say this sentence I'm doing the same thing for you actually so okay now so now we have some so um create um and read something read to your description your one is um to read something uh create something to create something it's like zero for you anyway so I never need to store it so uh so create update so so basically um you just have to make sure that you are you are nothing is time bound because you know obviously if this is a space I store it you know that's that you may have to compute that space what does it mean to store Epsilon so or allocate the buffers so you're going to angle this in my computer it's Epsilon bytes I thought it'd be eight zero oh Bobby is just a powerful it's Adobe uh um due to the power of it in the standardization and this is the power of negative eight eight bytes in your notation in my notation um uh the floating Point position uh so for human rights please eight times eight is uh 16 34 is a fourth plus 16 uh eighteen is eating 80 80 80 bytes Wizards results reserve the memory 80 bytes to be served you know numbers 80 bytes of Floyd 88 reverse so you know uh so we should minimum minimum a maximum would double this for this to work um so if you want to share a bite with me if device is the minimum I give for you your private world you know I keep it's about maximum so we share a total of 160 bytes of dealer for you to send me a message and move call systems so the proof is really um uh because of the system because uh example when you read a system we didn't when you obviously your log your terms of computers your space sees the story it's my type to computer that's what it is your space to store it so for example if you're stolen this login uh uh instant times mine was because sometimes no one already know you know so basically your space is your in your time in your time in your time the special time in your personal time is uh basically you're using as you're using space you cannot use the art in varying time because it's really even Space Time Romance you can only give me some more time uh because we we unless you um you can't touch time physically but you can't interact with 10 while you have to sacrifice your fourth space what's this I'm in or your full time the area or two pi on VR minus model so basically that idea there so this is just important uh a start and end a a start start a start start start uh because the four starts for end and then e n n uh a start n a start end a b start and B start a start a n a b and n and um so you have to stand no more so I want to send a bit of information so you want to send to me in your Epsilon about you know um anything one one zero one zero one one two three four five six uh hello uh welcome let's Mr Malcolm welcome uh let me find that one uh invite uh one second guys uh Mr should it be like a welcome welcome in the bites and it's welcome world working on calculator welcome uh so this is a hex Tom uh basis for welcome or business so the number the converts under the binary of so basically if all the types are welcome uh in decimal we'll show the decimal stage of magical chemicals this is a fractional calculations so basically if you want to convert to welcome or come out ubi Nexus a full stop um because you know it's kind of loading uh obviously overcome obviously uh put on zero one uh the world welcome will be zero one uh zero one zero one one one zero one one uh basically you can't let me just put the word welcome because I don't fucking up so you get W is uh zero one zero one zero one one zero one one zero one zero one one um uh but you know let me just put W actually because you know well uh well zero one zero one one zero one so what W is um zero see W is a on value zero one zero one zero one one now that w uh eat is uh liter e is a zero uh one one zero one um I put the well I'll put the word well it's a welcome so that'll be well be a zero one one zero one one now be um oh can I see myself so I'm gonna give you the solution to all of this via Cisco uh this is before I do it to you right now so this works because of the hose so because they didn't get there I don't know I felt myself is um so I guess root and come online so zero in the rough means zero in the columns there is no F bomb this is a row equals column the structure is the meaning factor is a final syntax in rest you know when you when you are flexible we are putting yourself so what this means because we have a shared contract or via expectation too uh depending on whether our situation was whether it must be agreed on in our realities okay so okay uh zero one one two oh this man so extra state so we get the um so a times B and we share an ether okay e times the a d e d is what uh uh A and D so B R starts my start is your my thought is your end and that's basically uh my zero is your Epsilon so um e times zero equals a equals uh 80 and that would be Epsilon State and then we get um uh e times Epsilon so obviously e Epsilon are starting uh uh uh so to get D1 d-a-d d d d one D two which is d e c d or or Washington zero is if we to have the one I have so this is the uh one the one will be space time will be 1 times zero will equal to one wait one times Z1 equal to zero one so we get zero I'll get uh you get a full one one and this will be zero one that should be the row zero or one I get a column zero point so so


Unknown Speaker  0:00  
Sample. This is recording. Yes, there's a recording. There's no recording started. So, so basically, guys

Unknown Speaker  0:12  
reasoning, rational policy. So what's the result? Something in question?

Unknown Speaker  0:18  
There's no questions. Everything has already answered. The final answer, you know, where's the

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
answer? So why am I in this problem? Why these problems happen? For example, if I have a position in the sea, an ocean, I like an ocean coming down, transcending to my ocean from my air. I live in ocean and then ocean, Midland, ocean. But my son says, But it is my ship, my crypt, where I live, you know, where I stay, my, my, my question. I don't ask someone so I can go there and never someone from that's my item. You know, because you know all the consensus, all the thing I own is mine, me, myself. And I mean, if it breaks, I rebuild it, repair it, renew it. It doesn't matter who works. It is my home. I do anything I like with it. When you

Unknown Speaker  1:12  
want something, you delegate it, you delegate it. And that person

Unknown Speaker  1:21  
we basically.

Unknown Speaker  1:31  
So basically,

Unknown Speaker  1:36  
oh, I don't have the link. Oh, no.

Unknown Speaker  1:40  
So basically, so basically,

Unknown Speaker  1:44  
I'll give a blast. So

Unknown Speaker  1:46  
listen, I begin my video from such Keystone

Unknown Speaker  1:53  
problem, open access, upload GitHub, the complex open access to buckets to GitHub, openness repository.

Unknown Speaker  2:02  
So this repository. So I want to get a Cisco packet.

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
Cisco packet.

Unknown Speaker  2:14  
Risk is the smallest ships. Basically, this is a risk architecture. We have Cisco says, but we the problem with this, you know, completely.

Unknown Speaker  2:25  
So stop something is no sense my computer. So basically,

Unknown Speaker  2:28  
I'm trying to make my computer understand that risk assess. And there's just different one models, they polarize together. So when someone information comes

Unknown Speaker  2:37  
in the six and six North East port, problem was for this transmission.

Unknown Speaker  2:44  
So this controls align the daily path, the real line. But the IR is a problem, the interpretation, the intermediate

Unknown Speaker  2:56  
position of them, whatever being processed environment, basically show that I want to build my assembly language.

Unknown Speaker  3:05  
It's like a Muco assembly language, Muco Rs, Muco the Muco, Muco assembly. I'll come up with a good name. But, you know, I want you to make a rust. Rust is a photo assembly, something like that. But you know, it's bound by the Cisco molecule. Systems consciousness, you know, just doesn't so basically, anything that's about to o1, o1, skill happens in login

Unknown Speaker  3:30  
time at the best case, in the worst case, obviously, any instruction that runs in parallel in the concurrent level, in parallel, in the shape, data, model, share the same plane of assistance,

Unknown Speaker  3:48  
which is like the history the same receives, you know, and that's like a package system. So this may be a full nights today I've got halfway through the conversation.

Unknown Speaker  4:10  
Quickly, conversation, a start, a startup.

Unknown Speaker  4:20  
For energy for four, the shear is one, which is start and end, is four. So when, when a start, a start, starts, B, epsilon, epsilon.

Unknown Speaker  4:31  
So a star start is B, epsilon, epsilon. So b cannot see a from the B, A, B and end, B, start, B, start, B, start, starts. This is n, so B, A, B knows ends, so,

Unknown Speaker  4:49  
so don't start it just like French is a minimum starts to have two poles. So here I can go only positive, because the share one space area. So plus, minus, minus, but they are sharing one degree, and that's this model here. So as you can see, Easter is bigger, but these are branches. So the problem you don't know people here after your branch need consensus, so if they get a start, the problem is these branches are now giving them the area, area here. So when you close our boundaries to use pi. So this is dot a start n. So if that a

Unknown Speaker  5:34  
start n is here, here, no more of B

Unknown Speaker  5:42  
and N, the not missing, not one, because now, so Basically, so the including table for this

Unknown Speaker  5:56  
is

Unknown Speaker  6:01  
P, 00, is B, E, P, 0101,

Unknown Speaker  6:12  
x4,

Unknown Speaker  6:42  
already, give you now. I'm trying to

Unknown Speaker  6:49  
give you now.

Unknown Speaker  6:52  
So again, this is just, I'm gonna do it now, actually,

Unknown Speaker  7:08  
basically because

Unknown Speaker  7:12  
B starts, okay, so here we get a start, and they get a B,

Unknown Speaker  7:17  
start, A start and so we a start and end, 1011, Well, that's the Y end so It can be 110110101,

Unknown Speaker  7:59  
get a

Unknown Speaker  8:02  
step a 10110

Unknown Speaker  8:08  
and x and y. So get the content. When you get some information, if I'm trying to twist table, the protocol, 1010

Unknown Speaker  8:20  
I send a 101,

Unknown Speaker  8:25  
and some poles. So the poles is epsilon, epsilon in a but you know, that's nothing, you know, no information. So why this

Unknown Speaker  8:36  
really matters? Honestly, what you just said, say on the same advice to my team, let me go to so quit the session and then send. So create, read, updates, delete. So obviously, so I put session, you know, quick read, quick read.

Unknown Speaker  8:55  
This two channels. So we share one channel,

Unknown Speaker  9:00  
updates, I believe,

Unknown Speaker  9:02  
uh, so if I created I need

Unknown Speaker  9:05  
if a wants to come into B, E at the same space, so is, he doesn't want to waste any time. So equal to assign epsilon. But what would you say? What does that mean? It

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
says nothing. How can you say nothing, nothing? Can't say nothing. You do nothing. When you can't say nothing, you do nothing. That's what it comes again. You do nothing, nothing. But what does that mean?

Unknown Speaker  9:34  
So you see, well, so excellent equals. Do you do nothing?

Unknown Speaker  9:38  
If you get them to get the EE

Unknown Speaker  9:44  
for a table six, Table A is EE you get if I can quit the session, I can read it. So you can read the session. So I have read, quit and then read. So E will become e, r, e will become r, because x, o, e, e will come or R, or E, E, overcome R read. So that will be in read mode. So be read more. So this will be read mode, but read will be the state estates, a statement, session, state, so, a temperature solution, like a five minute read on a five minute function, five minutes read. So reading five minutes, then I

Unknown Speaker  10:32  
want to write so quick with updates. So this would be right, execute, write or execute, or execute on right.

Unknown Speaker  10:41  
So because, right, we saving so anyway, so whatever season was just a sale.

Unknown Speaker  10:52  
So when I want to write, I take them the state export and that x will be exclusive. What I want to all store is something in the poll of Excel, so o 00, with zero. Now all exclusive or one, zero. So is there, so just zero. So my computer just give me zero. Everyone shared zero. So one state of reading, I just get everyone that's what we all share between A and B, A to B, so please use your nugget updates. Read,

Unknown Speaker  11:29  
so Right,

Unknown Speaker  11:32  
right. So I write you this one,

Unknown Speaker  11:40  
nothing, washer. So if I want to write an excellent to this, I just save it. But you know, I only need one save and because I've only really watched minimum, I don't have to write it again. I don't have to save channel, so I never to write again. So the channel just this two by two minutes. It's

Unknown Speaker  11:58  
only two excellent major two by two. Can you I? Store zero and a real question of 01 so to store your bytes, it with your bytes. You know, basically my computer, we have a bytes, but in your bytes a bit from using your computer. So we destroy so we destroy session. I didn't have to reset everything to epsilon. So that's idea here. So this model allows you to set so when I send this sentence, I'm doing the same thing for you access so easy now. So now we are back to epsilon. So quit read something. I read to

Unknown Speaker  12:36  
your desk. So you all want is to read something to create something, to create something or zero for you anyway, so I never need to store it.

Unknown Speaker  12:47  
So, so quick update. So obviously you just have to make sure that you are, you are nothing is time bound, because, you know, basically, if this is the space I store it, you know that compute that space. What does it mean to store epsilon

Unknown Speaker  13:05  
so or allocate buffers? So you try to analyze in my computer, it's epsilon bytes, and that will be eight, zero

Unknown Speaker  13:16  
power of eight, Adobe zero

Unknown Speaker  13:19  
to power of eight in the standardization, and use the power of negative it bytes in your decision, in my decision, in my decision, it has to be like the 14 point position.

Unknown Speaker  13:33  
So eight times eight is 16. Four is 40 plus 1618, notes is four plus 18 is 8080, 80 bytes reserves, reserved memory, 80 bytes reserved. You know no bit, 80 bytes of

Unknown Speaker  13:56  
80 bits, 80 bytes reserves.

Unknown Speaker  13:59  
Share. We'll share it events.

Unknown Speaker  14:02  
So we share minimum, minimum a maximum will double this for this to work. So if you want to share a bite with me, itty bits is the minimum I give for you your private world maximum. So we share a total of all the 60 bytes of dealer free to send me a message in new code system. So the proof is really because of the system.

Unknown Speaker  14:27  
Example, when you read a system reading, when you see your log, your time to computers, your space seems to store. This is my time to computer. That's what it is. Your space to store. So for example, if you're stolen this in login,

Unknown Speaker  14:42  
it's instant time. My one is one I already know, you know. So basically your

Unknown Speaker  14:47  
space is your in your time, your time in your time, the space your time, your personal time, is basically you're using, actually using space.

Unknown Speaker  14:57  
You cannot use the inferent time, because we are living space time. You can touch some of the time because we unless you can't touch the time physically, but you can't interpret time

Unknown Speaker  15:11  
for your full space. What space you really what is the box I mean, or your full time aspect, the area, or two pilot VMI model.

Unknown Speaker  15:23  
So basically, that idea there. So this is your conclusion, a start and end, a start, start, a start, because the four starts for end and a start and a Start, End, a B, start and B start, a start, a n, n, b N, end,

Unknown Speaker  15:47  
that

Unknown Speaker  15:55  
model, we have a reference show at to reference your

Unknown Speaker  16:06  
so the idea is you have from the citrus pocket, what is the Cisco packet? Is what I'm going to show you.

Unknown Speaker  16:13  
So you have to stand on so I want to send a bit of information. So you want to send to me in your excellent world launch anything. 110101123456,

Unknown Speaker  16:31  
ultimate word, Hello World. Hello World, hello, hello. Nicolas, hello, welcome, welcome. Let me find out some invites.

Unknown Speaker  16:43  
Once again, guys, basically, should it be like? Well,

Unknown Speaker  17:11  
guitar.

Unknown Speaker  17:17  
Welcome.

Unknown Speaker  17:21  
So this hex dump basically for welcome audiences.

Unknown Speaker  17:26  
So the number that converts into the binary of,

Unknown Speaker  17:37  
so basically, if all the type of welcome in decimal. We will share decimal state of like a chemical situation. So listen, if I want to convert welcome audiences full

Unknown Speaker  17:51  
stop, because, you know, it's kind of loading

Unknown Speaker  17:54  
obviously, welcome audiences put on 01, the world welcome will be 010101, uh, 010111011,

Unknown Speaker  18:06  
basically you get this. Let me just put the world outcome so you get w is 0101011010101,

Unknown Speaker  18:21  
but you know, let me just put a W, actually, because, you know, well, well, 010101 so the W is zero.

Unknown Speaker  18:35  
W is a barrier, 010101

Unknown Speaker  18:40  
that's W, E is

Unknown Speaker  18:42  
01100,

Unknown Speaker  18:52  
put the well.

Unknown Speaker  18:55  
Put the world well. Mr. Welcome so w well will be 0110110, on 1011,

Unknown Speaker  19:11  
so I'm gonna give you the solution to all of this VR Cisco,

Unknown Speaker  19:23  
not.

Unknown Speaker  19:28  
So this works because of the post, so we can't W

Unknown Speaker  19:42  
and I basically, is here.

Unknown Speaker  19:45  
So how is what? So you see the issue more data is kind of the row or column. So as we get the row and come align, so zero in the row means zero in the columns.

Unknown Speaker  19:59  
Row equals this column. The structure is the meaning is a final syntax and rest. You know when you rest, when you are importing yourself. So what this means is we have a shared contract here at location two, depending on whatever institution was must be agreed on in our realities. Okay, so we get 011, so what will this meant, so x source states we get.

Unknown Speaker  20:24  
So A times is B when we share eta, a times the Ed. Ed is what E and D. So we are start. My start is your N. My start is your n, and that's my zero is your epsilon.

Unknown Speaker  20:41  
So on your as my soil, E, times zero because f equals ad and all the epsilon get

Unknown Speaker  20:52  
E times epsilon. So basically E epsilon start and then zero times E equals d, so they get D, 1d, A, D, D, d1, d2, which is D or washes the zero is

Unknown Speaker  21:14  
when we get the one. So the one for me to won't have the one I have one.

Unknown Speaker  21:22  
So this is the one. The one will be space time, space time, so the city of space time one will be one times zero will equal

Unknown Speaker  21:35  
to one, one times see one equal to 01, so We get 01, so or one,

Unknown Speaker  21:56  
zero

Unknown Speaker  22:00  
or one and zero.

Unknown Speaker  22:06  
So basically is give the zero here, and guess what?

Unknown Speaker  22:13  
You get.

Unknown Speaker  22:17  
The Matrix get here you get a

Unknown Speaker  22:22  
matrix over the matrix over so if you want the fraction from you one over the matrix of the unit, you will share the half. So if you have the unit one, you have the half of the unit. So the unit in the fraction form is equal to the US to do one over the matrix, you will have one of the challenges. And to give you the fraction you share. So we share four fractions, four fractions, that would be 10 units,

Unknown Speaker  22:56  
10 units, half a fraction, fraction unit, dot 10s and then our hundreds. So in marriage, we get 10 to get the 10th. So we get the unit models. We get fractional This is uni modeling. So my unit 111, half, one a one has a half minus a half, obviously, minus a half a half half a minus a half plus minus a half. Same thing for the same plus plus half, you know, if I want a negative fraction or positive fashion. So basically, if I do one over some 10 or 10, I have that's basically times 10. I get one full, one back to four liters, for sure, mother back, and vice versa. But if I do 1010,

Unknown Speaker  23:42  
if over one over 1010, over one times one over 10 times 10.

Unknown Speaker  24:02  
So I get 11. So basically 10 times 10 added, if then add the means of one, one which could say, God already only have it before I go negative. If I have the half unit of one, which is the evolution of one over 10. You know, I get that two half into the one, and that's 10 plus 10, which is 10 and a half. I mean, I mean 110, and a half minimum for my unity, and another half for Euro 11. So we will show 11 states.

Unknown Speaker  24:40  
So accentuate.

Unknown Speaker  24:42  
So it's meant to be there to get a start.

Unknown Speaker  24:47  
The computation over space sparse. The same thing via confusion.

Unknown Speaker  24:52  
So the computation is just basically me with my eyes. There's no difference between space and time. They just half of the same thing. Space needs time. Time is space. Space Time to go. Agree this. There's just consensus for us to breathe.

Unknown Speaker  25:14  
That's what we were life.

Unknown Speaker  25:21  
So I'm seeing that we share 11 dimension 11, which is one unit and we know one unit maximum local, let's call it local minimum local maximum for each individual person on that level. But we have 10. We have one full unit of a 10 out of 10. If 10 is a maximum dimensional can enter. So basically, see the example that will say we have a force. We double the force, the forces that will say we have the force to go to, to go tell this room. So we get seven feet, seven feet of error. Seven times seven is this area. We get 49 and then seven plus seven as well. A 14, there's two error cubism, three plus 910, 12, 1314, 910, number 1233, 453, union. Forget to share this question. Three square

Unknown Speaker  26:17  
now we share. Now. This is just my area. If I want to give you more, I don't know about my area, I can give you that by just flipping my dimension one of us. You can see this. You can you can see this because you send it to you. You know that's the idea here. So the when I send information, the Cisco pack is limited. Just give me the information I send before I open it. Open any pin. I can't see some of them become harming with a virus code. So I can see what the code contains when full execute. So it's literally one over execution. So let's go here. So everything I have one over read, one over write. I see it. I can see it. I can track it, until I can view it, preview it like a PDF or some kind of

Unknown Speaker  27:04  
model, send it over a network. That's what Cisco really

Unknown Speaker  27:08  
is so video without copying the proof, because

Unknown Speaker  27:22  
that's what you can

Unknown Speaker  27:26  
guys use all your work. You know that idea of Cisco. So Cisco work by the post. So, so interesting. How it works, if two people. Can Read, so read, write,

Unknown Speaker  27:46  
sq, execute. So if I, if I have, like, a one, right, if I one person send me a write, read something and send this to me. Message me, that's one read, send to me and I make the virus complete some I say, like on the worst case, we will share safe. So me, me, okay, so we have one with two rights to it. So basically, I'm trying to compute one read or two writes. Safe. No execute needed here.

Unknown Speaker  28:22  
Pre, five flash, let's say no, no. Pre fight. You can't execute it. You can never speak the pre file executes removed. That's the thing about the process. So read and choose an extra flag or extra encoding. So I just trying to, I just don't try this. I just ignore it. I just ignore it. And that never comes to me. So execute. So I'm trying to copy one over 2r w as a previous state. You know, notice an image or something. I can't ask you nothing. So if you read, write, sq.

Unknown Speaker  28:56  
So

Unknown Speaker  29:01  
when I read, when, when I write, I can read to to read. When I read, I can read, read and have securely if I see it, if I if I know what it is, Nnamdi, so basically how this is Copperhead works, obviously, I guess the conjugatimator. So I guess the letter W, I'm trying to preview W, never to see it. Never I can. I can. Never scared of this encoding, sort of also 1011011,

Unknown Speaker  29:33  
so again, 011, in a row, row, I get it the conjugate row, conjugate form of the row which is the so again, the matrix 0101, and then one zero. This is two by two inches, and then we get the dialog which is one zero, and

Transcribed by https://otter.ai